What 2 minutes
Stop being mysterious for a few days
2 minutes left
Praise comes
At that time, am I qualified to be the enemy?
You naturally know
Miss Ye, did you see
Qi Tian is simply relying on the Ye family
Tiger Horn Tiger Mighty Man
You are with him
Your dark house
Sooner or later, it will fall into the land of no return
I suggest you leave him quickly
Don't fall for him again.
Qi Tianhe, your childhood sweetheart, have known each other for more than 20 years
Your trust in him
It's not as good as someone I've known for two days
That's because he doesn't deserve my trust at all
Have you tried to get to know him?
Did not understand
How to trust
Qi Tian, I know that the Qi family fell down five years ago
You have a big psychological gap
But you can't because of your vanity
Miss Rotten Leaf
Go into the water, you're not me
Since I am sitting in this position
Prove whether I have the strength or not
If I really want to deal with you rotten fish
sub-humph
Why bother to study?
Heavy ah, take our Haicheng private in your eyes
Be sure to give him some color to see
Mr. Zhang is right
As long as we Haicheng Trading unite as one
Businesses can't keep it for a few days
1 minute left